enhance form progressive profiling (#42)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/10.Components/03.Forms/02.Progressive Profiling/docs.en.md

There are two ways to configure a form field to only display when the asked values are unknown. 

> It is recommended to use the Email field in each Form. From [Mautic 2.9][mautic-2.9] the email field can be hidden, but use this with caution. Email as identifier of a Contact could be unusable if same PC is used by more people (public library, schools...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use the Email field in each Form. From [Mautic 2.9][mautic-2.9] the email field can be hidden, but use this with caution. Email as identifier of a Contact could be unusable if the same PC is used by many people (public library, schools...).
```

> It's recommended to use the email field in each form. From Mautic 2.9 email can be hidden, but be aware of that. Email as identifier of a contact could be unusable if same PC is used by more people (public library, schools...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use the Email field in each Form. From [Mautic 2.9][mautic-2.9] the email field can be hidden, but use this with caution. Email as identifier of a Contact could be unusable if same PC is used by more people (public library, schools...).
```

Reviewer: Please add the[ link macro at the bottom of the page](https://docs.mautic.org/en/home/contributing#linking-to-release-versions):

`[release-2.9.0]: <https://github.com/mautic/mautic/releases/tag/2.9.0>`

1. Maximum fields displayed at a time

> Global feature enable progressive profiling feature and allow render only certain amount of fields in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A global feature to enable progressive profiling and allow the rendering of a specified amount of fields each time.
```

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/80913098-3f71c500-8d42-11ea-919c-13763228bc1c.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![screenshot of maximum fields to show at a time setting](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/80913098-3f71c500-8d42-11ea-919c-13763228bc1c.png)
```

Please add this image to the repo in the folder of the page you are editing (it should be a file that you commit to Git)

2. Always display

> Force display and skip fields orders in the form If you set **1. Maximum fields displayed at a time**. 

Reviewer: I don't really understand this sentence. Below is my best guess at what you are trying to explain here:

```suggestion
Always force the display of the field, even if you set a maximum number of fields (x) and this field is not in the first x fields - this is helpful for fields like Email which must always be displayed.**. 
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/80913150-b6a75900-8d42-11ea-944d-7552882b215f.png)

> 3. Display field only if the value is not known yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Display field only if the value is not yet known
```

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/80913150-b6a75900-8d42-11ea-944d-7552882b215f.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot showing the always display setting](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/462477/80913150-b6a75900-8d42-11ea-944d-7552882b215f.png)
```

Please add this image to the repo in the folder of the page you are editing (it should be a file that you commit to Git)

> 	Mautic will search for a value in two places before the form is rendered for the current contact:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Mautic will search for a value in two places before the Form is rendered for the current Contact:
```

>    If the form field is linked with a contact field, Mautic will check if there is a value in the contact's profile and hides the field if configured to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the Form field is linked with a Contact field, Mautic will check if there is a value in the Contact's profile and hides the field if configured to do so.
```

4. Display field only after X submissions.

> If you want to ask a contact additional questions on the second form load, you can specify so for each lead. It works nicely with hiding fields which you already know the answer to. For the first submission, the contact can be asked to fill in the First and the Last name. When they come to the form for a second time, the First and the Last name fields will be hidden and instead they will be asked to fill in their Company and Phone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to ask a Contact additional questions on the second Form load, you can specify so for each lead. It works nicely with hiding fields which you already know the answer to. For the first submission, the Contact can be asked to fill in the First and the Last name. When they come to the Form for a second time, the First and the Last name fields will be hidden and instead they will be asked to fill in their Company and Phone.
```
